«A1» There is an images folder at the root of the project containing images.
«A2» There is a css folder at the root of the project containing style files.
«A3» All styles are written in one file styles.css, which is located in the css
folder. «A4» File names contain only English letters and words, not uppercase
letters, spaces, or transliteration. «A5» The source code is formatted using
Prettier. «A6» All images and text content are taken from the layout. «A7» All
raster images are optimized using squoosh. «A8» The code is written following
the guidelines. Markup «B1» The page layout for the Portfolio is created in the
portfolio.html file. «B2» The HTML layout of all elements from the layout is
completed. «B3» Tags are used according to their semantic meaning. «B4» The HTML
passes validation by the validator without errors. «B5» Class names are
descriptive and understandable to other developers. «B6» Class names contain
only English letters and words, not uppercase letters, spaces, transliteration,
or tag names. If a class name consists of several words, they are separated by a
hyphen. «B7» The href attribute of the navigation links Studio and Portfolio
contains the relative path to the HTML files of these pages. When clicking on
the link, it navigates to the corresponding page in the current browser tab.
«B8» The <img /> tags have size attributes, at least width. «B9» Images are
exported from the layout in jpg format. «B10» Groups of similar elements are
gathered in
<ul>
  lists. «B11» The filter on the Portfolio page is implemented as a list of
  buttons, each with a type="button" attribute. «B12» The header and footer
  markup is identical on all pages. «B13» All necessary fonts and their
  variations (weight and style) are connected from Google Fonts with one link.
  The required weight for Raleway is 800, and for Roboto it is 400, 500, 700,
  and 900. «B14» There are no additional elements, such as spans or links,
  inside the button markup. Styling «C1» Class selectors are used for styling.
  «C2» The styles do not contain !important. «C3» Interactive elements (buttons
  and links) have an active state on mouse hover or keyboard focus as specified
  in the Style guide (colour change). «С4» The contact text in the header
  changes colour on hover and focus. «C5» CSS variables store the colour palette
  of the layout (text, background, highlights).

  <!-- «С6» The <body> element has the font-family property set to the dominant font in the layout Roboto. -->

  <!-- «С7» Specify the font type (sans-serif) at the end of the font-family list in the <body> element. -->

  <!-- «С8» The Roboto font family is explicitly set only for the <body> element. Other elements inherit it. -->

  <!-- «С9» The <body> element has the color property set to the dominant text colour in the layout. Other text inherits or overrides this value. -->

  «С10» The font size (font-size property) of all text elements exactly matches
  the values from the layout. «С11» The line height (line-height property) of
  all text elements exactly matches the values from the layout and is set as a
  multiplier, not in px. «С12» The colour (color and background-colorproperties)
  of all elements exactly matches the values from the layout. «С13» The font
  weight (font-weight property) of all text elements exactly matches the values
  from the layout. «C14» The font weight (font-weight property) is explicitly
  specified only if the value in the layout differs from the default for that
  element in the browser. «C15» Buttons have the cursor property set to pointer.
  «C16» Styles do not repeat property values that are set by the browser by
  default. For example, links do not need cursor: pointer, and paragraphs do not
  need font-style: normal or font-weight: 400.
</ul>
